reworded (#2609)
dfinity/motoko: doc/modules/language-guide/pages/pattern-matching.adoc

};
....

> The input is an (anonymous) object, which is deconstructed into its three `Text` fields, whose values are bound to the identifiers `first`, `mid` and `last`. They can be freely used in the block that forms the body of the function. Above we have resorted to _name aliasing_ for object field patterns, this general form allows the binding identifier to be distinct from the field name, as in `mid = middle_name : Text`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input is an (anonymous) object, which is deconstructed into its three `Text` fields, whose values are bound to the identifiers `first`, `mid` and `last`. They can be freely used in the block that forms the body of the function. Above we have resorted to _name punning_ (a form of aliasing) for object field patterns, using the name of a field to also name its contents. A more general form of field pattern allows the content to be named separately from the field, as in `...; mid = m : Text; ...`. Here `mid` determines which field to match, and `m` names the content of that field within the scope of the pattern.
```
